hi I'm dr. Vaughn video from HD camera
guy calm and right now you're watching
the viewer questions section of our
helpful how-to guides and today I have
my esteemed colleague professor pixel
professor pixel has questions from
viewers like yourself would you care to
share those questions with us thank you
dr. Adam app from Florence Kentucky
rights I was fishing of the Baja coast
and I had a huge Marlin on the rill my
wife was shooting video of the big fish
I pulled him up on the deck and his tail
knocked my camera in the ocean and then
he jumped back in the water too we
managed to snag the camera back on the
deck with a net what should I do whoa
Adam that's quite a fish story sorry to
hear about your little maritime accident
but while your camera might be toast we
can maybe save your footage from a salty
salvation if your camcorder gets knocked
into water the first thing that you
should do is fish the camcorder back up
on the deck take out the battery so that
none of the electricity goes in places
it shouldn't get a bucket of fresh water
and dunk the camcorder in it this will
remove all the corrosive salt and
hopefully you might be able to salvage
your media from the camcorder now
obviously this is going to void the
warranty so I can't be held responsible
for anything that happens after this
point if you can get the media out of
your camcorder I would recommend drawing
it in the Sun for at least 24 hours and
make sure there's no liquid inside the
media whatsoever chances are if you have
a flash memory-based camcorder you will
be able to save the footage from your
trip once the media has dried out I
would try placing it in your memory card
reader connected to your computer after
it's dry and if the files show up your
video is all there and you can share
your awesome fish story on YouTube
thanks for tuning in I'm dr. Vaughn
video from HD camera guide com
you